Dear Hiring Team,

I am excited to apply for the Front End Developer position as posted for the Global Fitness Movement in Hoogeveen. Given my background as a web developer and extensive experience with JavaScript, and other related technologies, I am confident that I could make a valuable contribution to your team.

For the past year and a half, I have been working as a Web Developer at Tara Interactive. There, I played a pivotal role in the development of complex applications, using technologies like React, NestJS, and PostgreSQL. One of my notable contributions was porting a React web app to React Native singlehandedly, demonstrating my ability to adapt and master new technologies.

Among my personal projects, I've built Chatify, a real-time chat application using React, TypeScript, and other technologies. This application has been built with both one-on-one and group chat functionalities, uses CRUD operations for handling messages, and even leverages OpenAI's gpt-3.5 model to introduce unique chat personalities. Feel free to check out the project at my GitHub (https://github.com/JustLenard/webSocketApp) or its live demo available at (https://chatify-app.up.railway.app/login).

From your job description, I see you are looking for someone with strong front-end development skills, and experience in JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, and other specific technologies. While my professional work has primarily revolved around React, I am an enthusiastic learner and quite confident in my ability to pick up new languages and frameworks such as Angular, KnockoutJS, BackboneJS, VueJS, and Typescript.

On a personal level, I am a proactive, self-taught developer who thrives in challenging situations and loves to push the boundary of what's possible. I am also eager to contribute to making the world an active place, which aligns well with the mission of your company.

I look forward to the possibility of discussing my application with you further and how I can significantly contribute to the ongoing success of your innovative company.

Thank you for considering my application.

Sincerely,
Cociug Vitalie