Introduction


Change the world of Decentralized finance by joining DeFiner and introducing a technology-driven bank relying on smart contracts and blockchain instead of brick and mortar and bankers.


DeFiner is a startup that is going to change the world of banking through investment in technology.  Be one of the first senior developers at DeFiner.

Location


While headquartered in Minneapolis, MN, you are not required to relocate to Minneapolis due to our decentralized team culture.   Team working hours fit well within any of the US time zones. 

Start Date


We would like you to start as soon as possible.  

Why you should apply


    Be a part of the cutting-edge technology team.


    Gain access to an extensive network in the blockchain industry


    Architect, Design middleware component of a three-tier system


    Design and implement front-end features.


    Help move the company to one of the top leading cryptocurrency companies.


Qualifications 


    A degree in computer science or relevant field or comparable experience


    Must have good Analytical and communication skills.


    Ability to solve complex problems and express solutions in layman's terms.


    Firm grasp of object-oriented programming.


    Experience with AWS services including, serverless functions, API Gateway etc.


    Experience with blockchain and blockchain libraries and tools such as web3.js, and MetaMask.


    Experience with designing databases, especially PostgreSQL, and providing access through APIs to the database


    Hands-on experience in Reactjs, javascript, CSS, and typescript


    Must have a good understanding of React concepts such as components, hooks, state management, and knowledge of React-testing-library.


    Knowledge of webpack, babel, and similar tools 


 

Responsibility 


    Ensure excellent architecture and design for all features


    Architect, Design, code and deploy APIs and database at the middle layer


    Ensure the highest level of security measures in the system


    Design and implement front-end features according to ReactJS best practices.


    Design UI features with a focus on providing the best user experience possible.


    Adhere to and ensure secure coding best practices are being followed.


    Review other developers’ code and write and review design documents.